[Music]
emergency protocol 902 o6 calling Sky
Captain in the shadow of evil falls
across mankind come in sky captain a
boon flying ace
this is sky captain I'm on my way one
intrepid reporter what's this all about
he's coming for me who's coming and a
courageous naval officer what have you
got me into this time Joseph nothing you
can't handle for a game I all that stand
between the enemies of the future and
the world of tomorrow
captain do you read me come in hang on
Dex I'm a little busy dude
we're not all troll can't anything ever
be simple with you an Angelina Jolie
it's a pleasure to finally meet the
competition Sky Captain and the World of
Tomorrow
join the resistance at sky captain
dot-com
[Music]